mgr/volumes/nfs: move nfs code out of volumes plugin (#40526)
ceph/ceph: doc/cephfs/fs-nfs-exports.rst

-  ``nfs-ganesha``, ``nfs-ganesha-ceph``, ``nfs-ganesha-rados-grace`` and
   ``nfs-ganesha-rados-urls`` packages (version 3.3 and above)

> .. note:: From Quincy nfs mgr module should be enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: From Pacific, the nfs mgr module must be enabled prior to use.
```

Author: Done
